{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2900
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red9\green79\blue209;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c40784\c85490;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16380\viewh15020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Android Code Challenge: Real-Time Watchlist
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Overview
\f1\b0\fs26 \
Build a small Android app that lets a user search for financial instruments, add them to a watchlist, and see real-time price updates.\
This exercise is intentionally open-ended. We are more interested in your engineering decisions than in a large feature set. A smaller app with well-organized, maintainable code and thoughtful tradeoffs is preferred over a broad but fragile implementation.\

\f0\b\fs28 API
\f1\b0\fs26 \
Use Finnhub:\
- REST API documentation: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://finnhub.io/docs/api"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://finnhub.io/docs/api}}\uc0\u8232 - WebSocket documentation: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://finnhub.io/docs/api/websocket-trades"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://finnhub.io/docs/api/websocket-trades}}\
You may use stocks, crypto, forex, or a mix of instruments supported by Finnhub.\
Finnhub is an external service with plan limits and market-data availability constraints. Document any assumptions or limitations in your README.\
The app should also include a documented demo or fake-data mode so reviewers can run the core experience without depending on external service availability, market hours, or rate limits.\

\f0\b\fs28 Product Goal
\f1\b0\fs26 \
Create a real-time price tracker with a user-managed watchlist.\
The user should be able to:\
- Search for instruments.\uc0\u8232 - Add and remove instruments from a watchlist.\u8232 - See the latest known price for each watchlist item.\u8232 - Receive live price updates while the app is running.\u8232 - Understand loading, empty, error, stale-data, and reconnecting states.\

\f0\b\fs28 Technical Expectations
\f1\b0\fs26 \
Use:\
- Kotlin\uc0\u8232 - Jetpack Compose\u8232 - Coroutines and Flow\u8232 - Dependency injection\u8232 - A local persistence mechanism for the watchlist\u8232 - Relevant unit tests\

\f0\b\fs28 Requirements
\f1\b0\fs26 \
- Use REST for instrument search and initial quote/snapshot data.\uc0\u8232 - Use WebSocket streaming for live price updates.\u8232 - Persist the watchlist across app launches.\u8232 - Expose screen state in a way that Compose can observe safely.\u8232 - Handle API errors, empty results, missing prices, network loss, and stream reconnects.\u8232 - Provide a README with setup instructions, architecture notes, tradeoffs, and any AI/tooling assistance used.\

\f0\b\fs28 Optional Enhancements
\f1\b0\fs26 \
These are not required:\
- Price movement indicators.\uc0\u8232 - Sorting or filtering the watchlist.\u8232 - Basic chart or sparkline.\u8232 - Pull to refresh.\u8232 - Offline cache display.\u8232 - UI tests or screenshot tests.\u8232 - More advanced retry/backoff behavior.\

\f0\b\fs28 Time Box
\f1\b0\fs26 \
Please spend no more than 6-8 hours. You will have 3 days to complete and submit the assignment. It is acceptable to leave some polish or optional work unfinished if the important decisions are visible and explained.\

\f0\b\fs28 Submission
\f1\b0\fs26 \
Submit a repository or archive containing:\
- The Android project.\uc0\u8232 - Build and run instructions.\u8232 - Notes about demo/fake-data mode.\u8232 - A short explanation of your architecture and tradeoffs.\u8232 - A summary of relevant tests and how to run them.\
Completing the assignment does not guarantee you'll progress to the face-to-face interviews. However, the assignment is very beneficial at helping us assess your current level of skill and experience.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://video.foxbusiness.com/v/5410308538001/#sp=show-clips"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 How social media is helping doctors collaborate on patient care}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.statnews.com/2017/04/26/gender-pay-gap-medicine/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \uc0\u8232 \ul In the News: A state-by-state breakdown of the striking gender gap in doctors\'92 pay}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://vimeo.com/214706551/c76dc663b6"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \uc0\u8232 \ul Video: What it's like to work @ Dox}}}